[docs] Add Integrations section to design resources page (#43612)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/design-resources/material-ui-for-figma/material-ui-for-figma.md

## Feedback and bug reports

If you've got any feedback, we'd love to [hear from you](https://github.com/mui/mui-design-kits/discussions/84).

## Integrations

### Quest

[Quest](https://www.quest.ai/) provides a native integration with this design kit.

> When you design your components with the kit, you can use [Quest plugin](https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/862039267149408972/figma-to-react-from-quest) to convert your Figma designs into Material UI code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When you design your components with the kit, you can use [Quest plugin](https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/862039267149408972/figma-to-react-from-quest) to convert your Figma designs into Material UI code.
```

## Feedback and bug reports

If you've got any feedback, we'd love to [hear from you](https://github.com/mui/mui-design-kits/discussions/84).

## Integrations

### Quest

[Quest](https://www.quest.ai/) provides a native integration with this design kit.

When you design your components with the kit, you can use [Quest plugin](https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/862039267149408972/figma-to-react-from-quest) to convert your Figma designs into Material UI code. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

same as above, it's feel like it's the same content, what is Quest about.

Author: Oh, right, let me fix it! Thanks @samuelsycamore

Reviewer: I have restored the first blank line. It's only this one that felt too much.

## Feedback and bug reports

If you've got any feedback, we'd love to [hear from you](https://github.com/mui/mui-design-kits/discussions/84).

## Integrations

### Quest

> MUI works with [Quest](https://www.quest.ai/) to help you convert your Figma designs into Material UI code. Use the Material UI Figma kit to design your components, then Quest.ai automates the process of generating clean, production-ready code.

Reviewer: I'm not sure we worked with them that much. Maybe:

```suggestion
[Quest](https://www.quest.ai/) has a native integration with this design kit.
As long as you use this design kit to design your components, you can use Quest to convert your Figma designs into Material UI code, the code generated should be clean and production-ready.
```

**How to use it:**

> 1. Design your components using the [Material UI Figma kit](https://mui.com/store/items/figma-react/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Design your components using the [Material UI for Figma Kit](https://mui.com/store/items/figma-react/).
```

2. Export your designs to [Quest's Figma plugin](https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/862039267149408972/figma-to-react-from-quest).

> 3. Get production-ready Material UI code.

Author: They also offer other kits, such as their own version of the Material UI Design Kit (Quest UI Kit) and a Chakra Figma Kit, so I added these steps to reinforce the use of our own kit
